# Publisher
This component is responsible for storing, search and extract all media a user wants to send in a conversation. It is essentially our source from which we will we read the data and each such component will be responsible for the profile of a user. The publisher, in an appropriate manner and at an appropriate time, sends its data to intermediate nodes. This in practice means that somehow it notifies the intermediate nodes that it has some new material and then sends it to them. Therefore, it should be able to serve multiple requests from different intermediate nodes, as happens in a real system. In addition, the content to be transferred, will it must be transported in small pieces ("chunks") and not whole. A such a node, typically produces data for one or more keys (ideally that is, a user should be able to send and receive messages from more than one conversation). Hence, the basic function of Publisher is to push data to the brokers responsible for serving the keys in question. Any publisher who wants to send a message to a chat (at corresponding key that is), it should know in which intermediate node (broker) will send the data. The broker will be responsible for this functionality as we will see below. But for this reason it is necessary to exist some form of synchronization. Also, with appropriate techniques you must there are structures shared among brokers so they know which publisher which keys are subscribed to? So, when the data is transferred, then these will be transferred to the respective brokers and not to all.
